up
all right
I love some feedback you know we could
collaborate I guess it's that's actually
not really fair we could give you like I
could tell you give me some of that
little [__] but
all right let's do it okay so what's
going on how to get the device yeah yes
well no the only problem is this is that
you uh you get copyright striked
that's the annoying okay yeah so the
stream gets muted for the time that it's
playing which is really unfortunate
because I wanted to play music earlier
but uh music
by the way first question yeah I made an
account um do you have Amazon Prime
uh yeah okay yeah you want to link it up
so that it stores the vods so that you
can export them to YouTube after I can
show you how to do it uh do you want to
like connect it to the second point to
things easier yeah they're more easily
all right so the next thing is oh wow
dude you're looking at yeah
I care thanks man blue meanies
where do Julia
you think you think so I mean for the
time being I think it's the best yeah I
mean we got the implementation
foreign
nice
no let's Bangor set
foreign
does it just get put in the user agent
that would be really cool because then
it would be static right
you wouldn't need to handle it with live
there should be like a little guy that
like says you know here's how you use
Julian AWS or like you can host it that
would be good I mean we can help write
that there's gotta be some
facts yep uh yeah I can't find anything
really
there is something called Genie
I like this what if I have the Julia
hosting in the cloud okay I've never
messed with this before but people say
it's kind of cool genie framework yeah
it's like the yeah yeah I I've never
really looked at this to be quite honest
but I've heard it it has a number of you
know pretty good amount of stars on oh
yeah 2 000 stars on GitHub
from
but I don't know if we really need stuff
like this it's a lot right you're the
worried about it yeah well I mean
there's just we don't really have to do
very much
I'm just gonna look up AWS Julia hosting
nice
best way to host the web app
I mean I think that the default thing is
just easy
to
right
let me get some water real quick
H R Block has streamers
Jesus
don't even get bigger
all right yeah check this out dude I'm
on Julia Hub I'm on juliahub.com easiest
and quickest way to deploy is to create
an ec2 instance and run Docker inside of
it that sounds right sounds expensive
how expensive is easy too we're gonna
see I mean we really only have to run it
for the exact times that we're actually
using it like you just remember to turn
it off just so you turn off the computer
or something like a computer well first
off let me create some users for you
guys it's Julia okay
what do you mean for AWS yeah yeah right
okay all right do you want me to show
you how to get started
oh wait it's probably
oh it's free you can get a free tier for
you guys and look I bet they have a 501
C3 thing so oh you know what let's
assign a lot of task bro that uh we need
you to look at how to incorporate a
501c3 for this one yeah you'll love that
really make his day
okay so uh you're just watching streams
right are you looking yeah
that's a bit um
wait actually where's the remote
is this thing did you check that this
was actually plugged in
uh yeah okay it was plugged into this I
took it out of that
okay but it's definitely plugging yeah
where's the remote
oh here I need your mode and gets uh
all right there it is
there cool oh do you want to change it
to okay mirror display is actually
probably better
um so yeah so uh just Google like uh
connect twitch with uh Amazon Prime
blueberry did you see me look down
because I have my Discord open first
dinosaurs
I can't believe you got me
please
I think
do you guys want to just get try to get
AWS for yourselves all right uh and I
can add you to any because I just
created an organization
or do you want me to create the accounts
for you guys I'm just giving your emails
wait what's the difference this should
be the same right
um
well yeah I mean it's the same thing
it's just I need to get your emails and
you guys can learn the UI on this okay
yeah so just send me how do I how I do
it I'll just go to AWS and make an
account so I'm going to create an organ
okay create an account I think I
actually already have an account let me
turn off my
uh yeah but like
like this says this is this requires an
account ID oh okay are you saying I get
that if I just make an account yeah I
see do you have to put your card in
there uh yeah you do but anyway so so
what do I put the account in like free
to peers is on and I didn't do odd and
Jane
okay because it's very much tied to your
email not oh is this a name for my
account
yep
[__] dude I can't get their capture
right
nice
[__] dude it's so hard eight three C MTF
okay that's [__] up
oh I guess this is another account
create a new account
yeah it's uh how do I put any personal I
do personal yeah
that's what I do
hold on
I think it's worth it yeah
yo can you get my jacket while you're up
there yeah where is it I don't know
but if my wallet's in there
yeah
it's black
thank you
so do we want to do ec2 or Lambda uh
well we can try both but uh I would say
ec2 is probably the easiest right now
right
um
I mean that's probably a more familiar
Linux environment right
Amanda seems foreign but we could
definitely try it because I know a lot
of people do it
so I'm not gonna be charged for anything
right now right no
I will be
now I'm kidding sure yeah
I think it'll be completely free
actually
I can't imagine that the second thing is
really going to be that much computer
dude I was at one point I was paying 300
bucks a month on our Flex
I know but you were using kubernetes
this is literally going to be one
computer yeah I mean stupid what are
kubernetes
it's a way to manage like clusters or
computers right
yo who is this kid
I don't
I don't yeah I think it's a new
secretary all right oh cool all right
oh dude we can even provision a load
balancer
I did basic support how do I connect my
account to yours or something
wait okay hold on what's my account ID
I opened up a AWS thing you block origin
has a default filter it's AWS track.com
skin says
it's a little weird
little weird launch Julia web app
on AWS
what the [__] is Amazon sagemaker oh
it's like a notebook
yeah that's all you guys are
oh dude this is sick if I learn how to
do this yeah
it's really cool
all right
all right I'm in make website
website yeah well you can do that on
GitHub too GitHub pages
I mean you probably won't be enough I
mean there are cool things you could do
yeah that's actually true you gotta do
the extra mile to make The Branding of
the paper good yeah nice
yeah that's actually hype you show like
a hydrogen wave function being you're
like duh
why isn't it giving you a it's not
giving you that yeah I guess you can't
add and uh
H Drive training okay so I'm in you want
to add me to the award yeah yeah I'm
into
foreign
I think there actually is ways to do
that do you want to start streaming I
want to show you this but you need to
make sure that you're not showing
private info like you get you gotta be
like you're gonna be like Mike asking
his email uh also I want you to go to
your Twitch account let me clean up my
I'm going to put everything into a
forward
you should ask chat GPT really good
rear peeing company what's our
onboarding
um
oh my gosh that's so good
what is that problem
okay so wait uh you're adding this now
oh right yeah
yeah right
um
foreign
all right I'm adding an AWS account
what is your email uh on an ash2
gmail.com ash2 at gmail.com
name it again Pokemon
I'm gonna mute
that's how you the only way to make a PR
so like click yes yeah okay now um
yeah press enter
[Music]
yeah
and then
you should be able to do like the open
the command Pro the control center and
be like pull request
you mean yeah not the CLI the uh like
what was like when you do command P oh
yeah okay yeah I do like pull requests
uh
create pull requests yeah
yeah exactly see so it's from your fork
to his
uh got it got it oh I see yeah because
you can't create a branch on his repo
exactly yeah
oh yeah okay I have one more issue which
is the uh rendering the attack the links
as links
let's go
that's a delight
that's delightful look at that look at
that you just click it it takes you
right to this
oh my God that is awesome
no Market convert to draft they get a
draft VR okay how do I do that click
convert to draft still in progress
convert to draft
you should be able to finish this up on
the weekend
need to give this another look
at my kids
um
um I should have an update about EOD
do you want to look at the uh rendering
oh yep let's go to this [__] you
I think you saw it
did you want to look at the how to
render the links with uh this pretty
tables thing
it might it may not this might not be
good docs for you to find I could just
do it I'm like I'm happy to do it uh but
I remember you said it dinner what'd you
say what what like like we have to
render the the column that has the URL
as a clickable link right now it's just
text yeah so I linked an issue where it
I linked the docs where how to do that
uh yeah yeah and so yeah and I tagged
you that's all I'm saying I didn't I you
know what I I'm gonna take a take care
of that I want to uh I'm just gonna sign
I'm just gonna sign you
it says you guys uh both
accepted great and I'm gonna throw you
in here
okay
okay you ready to uh stream yeah okay
just uh you have I see you have your
overleaf and your email and a whole
bunch of stuff yeah like you just need
to be careful
come on and you want to see how I do the
ec2 yes
all right
so we're gonna launch a new instance
that's easy yeah
when I was doing absent stuff I'd be
like like abso West yeah you're not at
the you know where I put them
I was like yeah man we got service all
before
how do I make this small that's hbm
oh wow they have pre-built ones for
pretorch and stuff that's actually funny
yeah yeah that makes sense oh T2 micro
it's [__] day all right let's get
eight gigs of storage of well yeah
um
um for you to pee server
I'm not comfortable writing you know
what I'm such a no I am comfortable very
comfortable what
keep it
[Music]
um
what you cleaned it all up
all right then open obs
oh wait so can I just make an ECT I'm
just going to make an easy tune
I'm gonna see if I can beat you to it
bad man
okay
you have to create a key pair
stuff
I don't even want to put it in there
okay I think we're almost ready
oh did I can I change all this stuff
after the fact
I think I can right
all right cool all right look at these
does it give me a terminal
watch
dude this stuff is so ridiculous like
like it's like nobody actually tried to
get to this thing as fast as possible
they're like okay we gotta ask them a
thousand questions
yeah man you already launched it
how come I can't connect to it
um so you're just doing the Amazon Linux
or the Mac OS yeah I'm just doing Amazon
how do you make an IM instance profile
wait
dude this stuff sucks
I remember how much I hated this stuff
do you want me to like do you want me to
stop like what is no I don't know I mean
we have to do this obviously yeah no
look so I click connect bro and then it
comes up with uh comes up with this
and then you know they're like oh link
to this thing I gotta read it's like why
doesn't this just work
and that's how you can
I should have read the thing the first
time oh wait here we go yo okay cool
so let's go Julia up wait what the [__]
are you I don't know this instance you
want me no I'm just gonna take that mine
down I just want to see how fast I can
do something that's useful okay wow
that's great let's go
cool God
dude you gotta get to doing something
ASAP you know it's like not
beautiful yeah okay so now we uh we want
to clone our repo 32p.jl
okay so we're gonna do git clone this
thing now you're gonna have to oh wait
uh pseudo app install again
wait how do I What's Your Name What's my
package manager
what's the default ec2 Linux type like
how do I get
here is a website and I will install
gate in the Amazon ec2 Linux
uh that's Windows okay
nice thanks
so
every time someone
like
logs on to this website so I should
actually be able to use vs code to
connect to this thing by SSH right yeah
you can yeah definitely so if I just get
my private IP I should be able to oh
wait actually there was something about
SSH is this on the internet like it
looks like it's able to access
like just the general internet like
could you try to do it you know what I
mean
what do you mean is there
so you have egress right like you're
able to go app make requests out and
hear responses back but can anyone
access your server I put I made mine
completely open
I don't think I did I think I didn't
select any of those things
okay okay
um
okay so yeah so I just need to change
the settings and restart it probably
right is that Julia
it is it starts Julia with uh the
current project folder so like I was in
free to P so the dot project was in the
current directory so it starts Julia
with that environment
um
oh one thing to note is that the minute
you stop your instance the public eye
the the IP address assigned to its loss
so if we wanted to like create a static
one we need to create an elastic IP
address
okay yeah so we that's just a different
EC type thing this is an different
instance type nah it's just a different
feature AWS so you see we have public IP
but there's no oh okay so we just need
to enable that yeah okay we're gonna be
using your thing I'm just trying to get
up and running quickly to see what we
can do here yeah I'm like I'm like
um
I hate how you can't use like CD into
your documents thing like look at this
you have this CD documents on Mac you
can't like open like mac controlled yeah
like
look at this
see when you do CD documents it says
permission not
why because it's like Max wants to
control that
you can change that but it doesn't even
go into it you have to give terminal
access to it yeah I'll show you oh okay
all right well whatever the case is
that's good I just can do this I'm just
gonna move this to uh
in place
let's schedule let's schedule a 10
minute meeting yeah we'll work this out
want to hop on a huddle that's all
oh yeah I forgot to ask chat gbt
um
beautiful
cc2 stuff is pretty easy did you just
SSH but it's not it's not loaded it's
not connected yet
oh it's taking so long it's actually a
really [__] slow computer I forgot
for all the talking about a great server
side was this [__] is slow thanks
so you only have to do it once right
what do you mean nothing download Julia
and everything
yeah well not if we do Lambda
yeah but Lando will probably get a more
powerful one
I don't know this hesitation seems like
it's broken
I feel like this one's never gonna do it
because Julius is taking a boat
yeah this thing is dead
I'm gonna upgrade
so we can actually work on this thing
and reasonable amount of [__]
see am I connected
night if I do it here oh no okay so I
can do it here I don't know why I can't
uh do it on here
connect to SSH
come on work the second time
oh nice dude hell yeah okay we're we're
set up
really I mean now I've got vs code in my
instance
okay so I can do uh Julia and then I can
do uh
um
DOT test oh test all right now we're
gonna see if it's not gonna run the API
it's just gonna run the tests do that
how is this so much faster than
no it wasn't it wasn't it was that I was
trying to do two things at once and I
think I just gave it gave it an aneurysm
it's still a slow ass computer like
crazy slow
we don't have H tops
we're gonna do that's so funny we're
gonna like have to decide on what we
think is essential on this machine to
have like I I like I need h-top so let's
see how the processor is doing
it's great that we got pseudo access
though
oh my gosh
this thing is super bad we gotta we
gotta upgrade to the instance
what's going on with it I mean let me
look at this I ran this like an hour ago
ran this
let's see oh God this thing is not fast
how do I uh so it's just like don't read
one CPU and some like server yeah it's a
really yeah a T2 micro is like just the
shittiest you can get
what do I do what are you trying to do I
just want to upgrade you want to upgrade
you can't upgrade the instance itself
you can stop it and make a new one yeah
Jesus these people are idiots
can't do anything well maybe I'm wrong
all right well let's just uh kill this
thing then I know how it works now how
do I delete it
of course it doesn't do of course you
gotta click actions
where oh yeah okay delete
instance settings
no no
um
hold on
you see instant state
yeah put that yeah terminate instance oh
there we go we gotta stop it first
okay let me terminate it Okay cool so
that was good first try now we want to
do launch instances again and then we
want to change the server types this is
f2b2
try two for this [__] Cloud [__]
all right
free tier eligible do we get a better
free tier eligible thing are they all
going to be T2 macros I think they're
all good uh no you look at the instance
type yeah but the free tier eligible
thing
I don't know that's the that's the
machine image that's like the OS that's
the OS you're right okay wait so I need
to select not the instance type is what
matters you go down or is it I want to
click this yeah there it is oh it's this
one yeah that's why I'm blind okay
right four gigs of memory dude are you
joking okay I'm gonna get a large ah
it's it's 20 it's 20 seconds an hour I'm
willing to pay this like 20 cents an
hour yeah
I might as well go for the 16.
I create a new [__] key key too see a
lot of people are just like I'm afraid
of this stupid Cloud they think they're
smarter than this thing is so stupid I'm
afraid of it you just do it like all
right uh so this is the thing that I was
moving right yeah exactly but do I want
to do it now yeah I think you might want
to do it now and also do HTTP because
because I if we have https we have to
create a certificate okay all right fine
um what about what do we do here uh so
if you do I use this IP oh well my Pita
is going to be uh that's not going to be
your IP that's going to be this like
that's gonna be mine it's going to be JL
Wi-Fi which is fine but it means you
can't SSA that's jail Wi-Fi well let's
see what's my IP
uh well that's enough yeah or anywhere
oh yeah
interesting okay well we don't want that
so anywhere is fine okay anywhere is
fine because you don't know you're right
what is this configure storage I need
more than no I guess I need a gigs
that's fine we're good with that yeah
wow this is pretty pretty small machine
so we can't really do any data on this
thing but big data
big data is anything that's bigger than
an Excel file
[Music]
well remember remember that like that
thing that I sent you about them using
Google Sheets to millions of users yeah
that was pretty crazy
all right so we're gonna do this one
more time guys
that's what we should do
I'm gonna have to delete all these
stupid things
uh
it's because I didn't add the host wait
so what do you do how
what are you doing by doing that we're
doing what like you're sshing from that
like search bar yeah I'm sshing into a
machine using vs code so that I can
navigate it like I would if I was
had this folder open in vs code
I think it's 44. I've never seen that
before
yeah dude it's so useful yes I'm sure
why does it do this
it's just getting started I think
I don't know
it worked the last time
okay I hate this stupid
what's going on
okay this works
so then why doesn't this work
okay I do this
I do this I say connect to host I say
add new host
okay I do this what the [__] was that I
don't think that was this
no no that was the command
you got to give the domain name connect
to host Avenue so no but see look at
this they have the whole command in
there oh enter the connection command
yeah that looks right all right so then
I give it my SSH config open connect I
click connect let's hope it works this
time the second time it worked in the
last instance
you saw you saw what happened I saw what
happened yeah that was annoying all
right so now fine let's use sudo yum we
need to have dude somebody um
uh ah [__] no not NYX
um but uh my co-worker Steve is like
obsessed with this thing called NYX
which is like a it's like Homebrew but
for package management so he can set up
his machine anywhere because it's just a
nick nick script that's cool I mean it's
kind of like just having a shell script
that installs all your [__] but it's
like agnostic to what hard what uh the
next District you're on
anyways uh yeah I just need to install
gear
and then I need to get our repo
[Music]
and this is the wrong one I need to
actually rebind it delete this
make this
jail and then bookmark that
and then this
get clone then we need Julia wow that
was a very fast clone this this internet
is fast nice I mean one would hope but
a lot of David bucks
David bucks does that mean it's like
it's like a joke I make
like
David's dad
um
okay so now we need to figure out how to
connect to this thing's IP what do we do
we do that I have configure thing no not
at all uh go to the ec2 on the AWS
console oh you probably could have done
I have configured there too but actually
I don't know because I might have given
you the IP within your virtual private
Cloud you don't want to do that okay
yeah okay
give it to me
spam my [__] card no no I know uh
what do I where is it oh instance is
running I see okay but do I need to do
this elastic thing no you don't I mean
if the minute your instant stops
fine I see okay so you want to go to
this thing okay I'm not running the API
yet I'll let you know when it's when
it's ready
okay
don't say it out loud
it's fine
[__] all right this is that's the I
appear though right the I believe so
yeah yeah it looks right I mean it
shouldn't return anything by trying to
access it right yeah yeah I'm trying to
I'm going for it I mean it's cool
I mean I got it set up can I tell the
port so are you gonna run honestly I
probably shouldn't that serve command
basically yeah on here yeah
and then when you connect to the IP it
should
yeah
it should be that easy okay so I just
want to run the test to make sure that
everything's good then I'm going to open
the in here
um
you had to run the tests I have to run
the test I have to make sure
everything's good
all right maybe I should cancel it no I
can't it shouldn't well we should this
is the pain to feel though because
realistically if they scale this then
you have to run the test every commit so
and it's going to take the same amount
of time because the test just cause the
function all right beautiful see that's
not so bad yeah okay so free to pee dude
I love GitHub or vs code it's just it's
just amazing
okay so uh
um so now what we need to do is we just
need to do oh I need to install the
Julia extension real quick do you need
to yeah because it's just like so nice
it's like unusual why do you have to
install it now you already have it uh
yeah well I'm confused okay I already
have it no not the extension I just have
you know the extension oh this is like a
new vs code that's open in the ec2 yeah
I don't feel like it is I think it's no
I think it's on his computer he's just
connected to the vc2 why does it have to
re-download this I know yeah well I'm
just saying that I've had to do this
every time like
all right see Julie language server
starting this guy's breaking my balls
yeah good different see now it worked
I'm just saying all right so we go to uh
API
okay and we're just gonna run this thing
I'm gonna see if it works
give it a minute
okay we're in the right environment
I have to I'm gonna just do this just
make sure to
okay looking good
this is Julia Jet by the way just
[__] slow
oh let's see
what's pre-compiled do
yeah just make sure
oh it's okay
so how's your guys doing pretty good
dude
pretty good what's going on here
so it's running these lines of code
cool
open any browser
that should have worked
no no no that's 127. oh wait so I need
to serve to the IP of this I don't know
if you do I I don't know I'm gonna try
I'm trying to make a request here you're
listening on on what uh 8080
yeah try serving on that IP Maybe
okay that doesn't feel right I don't
think
all right let's go to
um let's go back to the ends the ec2
instance
yeah let's close all this [__] now
let's close that
okay here's the instance okay
I'm following this a little bit uh
oh is it is it not this do I not serve
it to this thing why does that not feel
right
isn't that that feels right let me try
that but but that's going to be changing
all the time I mean we're just trying it
right now right
like it's gonna change but if I put the
elastic ID in there then it should work
right
oh yo try this no no no I'm sorry try
listening on 80 instead of 80 80. yeah
that's it try listening on 80. yeah
because HTTP so you're always doing I
have to change that yeah yeah okay yeah
don't and and says so instead of giving
the IP addresses to skip the port 80. oh
okay that okay right
and that's like a public Port because
because
um when we set up this ec2 instance
there's two options like configure HTTP
and https access yeah and the HTTP
protocol says that
um you access it on Port 80.
cannot find a port maybe in use already
or oh so maybe I have to open that Port
up on here try doing sudo
like can you run with a high level
permissions
yeah
I I guess I could I mean I don't I don't
know if that works
yeah I don't think that works dude
why can't I just open the port up for
Access like
you should be able to but now like at
this point you have to go to the console
yeah so we can start looking so can you
go to security yeah
right right see how that works so
so your Source the source is anything
and then let's look at the security
group launch wizard
uh click the security group by oh you
look at the inbound outbound rules I'm
remembering this now yeah yeah
so saying inbound is that anyone on 80
uh any Source on 80 you're good
let's look at outbound
yeah
let me just go down
and then it's like yeah that's like
egress so it's like that's why you can
do pseudo Africa and [__]
okay so what do I do all right so well
inbound the fact that your inbound is
like this
is a good thing
um
can run the reachability analyzer this
is super helpful
it's a shorts type uh
could have done
yep
all right no this is not it all right
forget this this is like being able to
reach stuff within your your private
cloud
let's back out here
oh so this just oh this just summarizes
your rules but it's really
yeah
I don't know what a security group is
that sounds about right
yeah meaning there's probably a lock on
Port 80 or something right
well there's not a lock what's saying
it's open Everything is Awesome where
does it say this is open um it says that
I guess it doesn't say that it's locked
so yeah look at it let's see what
happens if you know it probably just
gives you the same thing
just saying this says that anyone on
this which is anything
why zero dot zero anything yeah it's
just
second mention I mean you can also do
the same thing
I'll try I don't I don't you have not
made it I believe yeah
um
oh I see it's like these are just
individual rules you can apply and then
you can apply these rules to different
instances so they're not applied yet
this is applied this uh Security Group
two it looks like because if we click on
your instance
uh
yeah so you should be able to and the
problem is is that I don't understand
why 80 is not around
so
um yeah I'm not sure why it's being um
taking I mean you've done this where you
just like launched an htc2 instance and
then serve a web thing yeah
um no I I I have once
um and this it looks like this tutorial
is saying to do the same thing
so I I did click the enables yeah
um
attach network interface what is that
um instant settings I don't think it's
that man I think it's the look at the
public ip4 address so click open address
yeah you know just the link oh yeah I
assume I'm missing that okay yeah you
should be able to
wait okay wait hold on let's run this
thing I want to go to the bass and see
see how how to see what you're listening
on a port Linux see what I'm saying
yeah do this Nest app can you put that
in the uh oh dude I can get live shirt
and you guys can connect with me I think
let's see if that works that'd be crazy
we're all like tuned into our like a
company machine all at once it's like
kind of hype it's like we're off just
sitting on each other no that's good
though all right
um but anyways we don't need that right
now uh did you send that to me
um yeah I mean another option you could
connect to this can I just add you to
this thing
could you add me to this instance then
we can both do this stuff yeah I don't I
don't know how to do that so if you do
organization
okay invitations I can just wait this is
your organizations so wait that's mine
well I went to organizations and I got
year yeah right
right
so I'm responsible for the billing
actually well is that true yeah I think
so which is good so that means I can
look at these but I put in my okay wait
can you see my stuff that's a good point
yeah that'd be helpful that would be
very nice if you just implicitly
anything I did you have access to it's
just I see instances running I see two
security groups
mmm that doesn't look good dude yeah oh
wait no that's you yeah it's mine
um because I don't think I'm like
actually really part of like I don't
think that my instance is part of your
organization or something
what if I did
like this is all under my stuff
maybe I need to go back to organizations
and like enter it from that that way I
mean I just started an instance I don't
know how to
settings can I transfer the instance
hey I want to copy and paste this error
though
that cannot find a port
yeah I have a solution so go back
um to the security so go back to your
ec2 instance
yeah it's uh
Let's uh okay I'm 5 000. okay now so uh
scroll uh click security again
and then
um
oh I see
so yeah we're gonna apply uh uh
uh action
instant settings
okay you can change security groups
and we don't want to do that yeah but
I'm just sort of learning here yeah but
yeah but at any rate
um but I'm but what we could do is uh we
could go to this Security Group and add
a new rule
that listens just on your uh yeah it
listens on http
oh um
what are these security groups just like
courts that's listening you know yeah oh
with a certain protocol
it's weird that HTTP like blocks it to
that but I mean we could just do all T
if I do custom TCP
I was in an is all TCP just to give me
okay I see
so this is like more
so if we do 80 80
and then we just do what's this TCP is
the underlying protocol that under pins
uh
um so now what this is saying is that we
should be able to access
this on 80 80.
so if I go back here
and try doing this if I do 80 80.
um
is your app is it running yeah it's not
running because whenever I try to go to
uh serve to that serve Command right
anytime I click enter it runs it gets
the error so can we uh let's go to
overpass this one that's overpass API
and test yeah okay and
um okay
and then did I just shift enter
okay all right so it should be going
it's a shame wait try to put it in my or
public IP how about right let me try
this hold on I got it here
we did wait wait do that again
nah wait it didn't
no we're not getting ready wait
I just want to try putting our public IP
on this thing I don't know why but I
just want to try
like doesn't that makes a little bit of
sense
into the serve man yeah okay sure yeah I
don't know how does how does this work
um go back into Julia and put yeah I
know are you you're just trying to find
the public IP
I was putting the public IP in the
browser and it didn't work well no but I
didn't put it in Serbia like do I need
to put it in sir
um
no it says can't bind to Port I can't
bind to this thing
axis
I don't know how HTTP stuff works dude
I don't know how any of this code works
so nowhere
okay uh how to run
public rest API ec2 this should be like
that
the simplest thing
right like this should be
like I just put it on tmux and have this
thing run for me
dude why are there so many steps to
everything that has to do anything with
the cloud how to build build a public
facing API oh of course like a 20 minute
video
so this way you're talking about the
Gateway thing
was uh
is there not I'm just gonna ask you dude
I gotta refresh because this stupid
thing
verify you are human
how do I
uh
serve a public rest API on an AWS
yeah oh my gosh
I should have told that how far we've
got
ha
yeah all this stuff makes sense so we're
doing the right stuff
maybe we should try rust like the rust
API see you because
I don't know if it's gonna be you don't
need to do that DNS nonsense
I mean that's totally correct but
can we go back to the ec2 instance I
just want to say on the yeah
oh [__]
all right
um
well it's not even run it's not even
serving though
is it is there a way that we can connect
to and listen for for any traffic like
like
is there a way that we can just listen
to all things in the from the command
line on Linux and just like get notified
anytime someone tries to do that
uh
like we know that this thing like in in
the internet land like this IP is ours
right now like that's the oh we're that
computer is the only thing in the world
with that ID okay I look up uh right so
like is there a way to just like listen
to see if anyone's trying to hit that
how do I uh control are you gonna get
out of this uh yes exit exit with the
parentheses
all right and then I want to do netstat
you might have to do pseudo-yum
installed
a-n-p
rap
well not one two three four right yeah
wait but uh it's not a pipe there yeah
yeah okay cool
nice
listen
what is that doing
non-owned process info will not be shown
would you like
yeah so do sudo before that maybe
yeah but sudo's not found right
yeah
no it was Julia wasn't found yeah
that should work
right no I mean it didn't
nobody's on it the [__]
yeah so it could it could be right
you're not ready to have Julia have
you know the password of your ec2
oh you should have no password
I didn't put a password for this thing I
think I'm in my AWS password uh
just press enter all right let's see it
I don't know what it is man doesn't give
it to us
um
oh
no this is still work
I guess that's dns2 which is nice
wait let's try to listen
um but again just
like this right yeah yeah so wait so I I
shouldn't have closed Julie I should
have just had you switch tabs because
now I gotta do this now now we have to
run the whole script just because this
is dead right so anyway so we'll
huh try that
okay and then you could listen in this
tab
okay so it's still just wait for this
check okay
well actually that check won't run just
wait go to back to Julia okay then yeah
okay
yeah that should work
yeah well and supposedly if you went
back to Julia
you go back to Julia you would see like
oh we got like it it's right it says a
little info message yeah I think like
like maybe
uh
203 right they were putting this one in
right yeah pretty sure interface ID
everything's like an entity here it's
very confusing
yeah what if we try the well I don't
think the elastic IP was a help because
I think it's really kind of a
foreign
destination protocol
um [__] that uh Source type oh just go
back just swipe back like with two
fingers
all right
a path what is a path a source
destination protocol
whether it's reachable and what does
that even mean oh from the internet
that's cool that's a good idea yeah
I'm lost
yeah I've lost two but I think if we get
this it'll be so high then we can shut
this thing down and we'll we know
exactly how to just start up a thing
make an API that goes on the internet
because this should really be like a
five second thing you have an idea to
like serve some data for a little bit
you like run this little thing in it
makes you a little API that anyone can
for a little bit
Jesus
is this one right
yeah yeah it's number two
eighty eighty eighty
and I
it's running
foreign
yeah check out this page
what does it say
something about
foreign
oh
thank you
foreign
I think this part is what we didn't do
hmm
foreign
[Music]
was this
this part
so I'm trying to do it now
okay
so what was the I just have to
uh but instead of apps yet it's probably
yum
so you're trying to just do it with node
right yeah I mean I just want to see no
dude no we should we absolutely should
be doing this yeah I mean this is the
thing that you have high confidence you
know will get will work and you've done
it before it's like
but uh is pseudo yum install git and
then I'll show you how to how to install
Julia the right way
was it Julia okay yeah so just Google
Google Julia up all one word
click on the first one the repo
scroll down to the readme and there
should be this command this command and
you just copy that and run it
and then it'll tell you about click
answer
wait is this yeah just give it oh yeah
okay cool okay so it's installing Julia
you probably got the tiny instance right
places feel small uh copy and paste
those two lines
oh you're running on an Ubuntu instance
yeah oh nice okay cool all right so so
now you can run Julia
okay but so now I need to just do it
again
yeah oh yeah and then you'll need to
instantiate that uh
copy the repo yeah
all right and then your CD there and
then you do Julia dash dash project and
then you do uh instant shade within the
package mode you package it out and see
it
oh dude
oh my God that's hype okay so what were
we doing wrong
I don't know what's going on it might be
something with uh Julia yeah oxygen let
me look at the oxygen docks and see uh
so now once you do that because node
worked deployment like like if you try
like send oh you know what's good dude
um even though the IP is changes around
I think the domain name is fixed and we
do get that domain name oh nice yeah so
once you downloaded Julia how did you
run the thing
run the app yeah
uh I just uh I mean there's two ways of
doing one is just calling Julia and then
Dash project space script name then the
other one is like there we really should
learn how to do is connect to it via
vs code I feel like that's the most
productive thing to do because then
you'll not feel like you're having to
stick to the command line which
personally I feel is like a little
restrictive compared to vs code where
you have a a treat you but anyway so you
open up vs code
and then you click on this thing
okay uh
install it from additional remote
extensions and you want remote SSH
okay and then once that's installed
I'm gonna click connect to host
add new host and then the command to
connect to it you copy and paste into
there
yeah I do that
I'm going to click connect and this was
like slow for me but it should just work
yeah so okay I I think I restarted vs
code and then I I tried it again because
it was uh like for me it like took a a
little bit before it like took effect or
something but
after a while uh it did connect but then
you'll be able to use vs code and just
like feel better and then I'll show you
what to do after that
um I'm happy to like
when I looked up how to use oxygen XML
on ec2 it recommended we put it in a
doctor container XML I mean oxygen okay
yeah Julia
um right yeah you just clicked that one
yeah paste that in
hey you should just be able to click the
name of it because you already have
what's going on
no no
uh okay all right fine I'll just show
you how to this is the Julia invocation
of doing that see so all right
I would just do
um
Julia
this is just how to run a script like
like a little bit of you yeah
okay
and then this runs that script
uh and and it'll display the oxygen
banner and once the oxygen Banner shows
up you should be able to connect to it
in hype in theory but for some reason
it's being weird and I don't know why
yeah I don't know why either and I
really want to figure it out actually
it's kind of bothering me
oxygen is not big enough for queries to
really
uh
be so effective unfortunately
oh yeah I forgot to set the number to
Julia fret threads it might be
what if you tried serve without
I don't know
maybe it's something to do with the end
point we wrote so okay so I'm looking at
it in in oxygen there's a demo okay and
I look I clicked on Main and I saw a
couple of things that we don't do that
are kind of interesting the first one is
these headers about allowing get and
post which is interesting I didn't
is that I can implicit like should we
try that and then the other thing that
they do and serve is they give it this
course Handler which I don't know what
that is either
um so I I don't know what either of
these things so let's try doing that
yeah Coors is a cross-origin resource
something okay so what I'm gonna do
that so hype
um
all right so I'm gonna paste this in
here yeah good idea I think it has to I
don't know dude I think [__] actually
matters because we're hitting the server
for we're hitting this from gets
I thought corzo was really a browser
thing dude I don't know what that is at
all
but they have some js in here they have
some tests in here for how to
Swagger demo that that's cool router
demo parallel demo middleware demo I
don't know off
demo that's kind of cool
I don't know what any of that means okay
see it still give us the air so it's not
it's not
I don't know what are you trying to do
no he's just trying to run the thing
with them yeah oh but address is already
nice that's because the node one is
running so change uh are you sure yeah
okay I mean
only one thing can be on a porter to
give it yeah okay I shouldn't have done
that only one process owns a port
excellent closed it oh geez oh drings oh
man yeah I mean the thing is this is the
case of like our mind is actually going
way faster than we can just press the
buttons it's like neural link will be
like really nice for this
because you know exactly what to do I
know what I want but I gotta be like a
caveman
all right let's try it one more time
they actually got the tiny
you're looking at you did it in uh art
Flex
can I see this yeah I do
let's go to artflex.com
we'll go host not three thousand three
thousand one
doesn't load nice
oh [__]
oh wait hold on oh dude oh wow
interesting okay yo check this out
I tried wait I made it oh dude that's so
sick man I know that was a really good
designer at one point we really had
something going so you're gonna like go
throw look at this [__]
anyway
I think so I think I got it actually
dude so
give me a second so uh so I didn't
actually mean to do that
but I think he's trying to self-heal
here
I'm trying to sell field hey nice okay
check it out
cool
that's so big well I mean so it's so I
did see this request
and so now I'm going to put in
um
so do so did do this in a 404
interestingly but what I want to do
I mean this is on the 127 but I'm in the
instance like yeah hold on trying to
make that from a separate you know what
I'm saying uh like make that from a
browser that's not
oh yeah word not yeah to it yeah okay do
I need it
did I get through
yeah okay that's better no that's
definitely better but this is still do I
need to change oh yeah change that so
what was it you had oh then that's
[__] then and we didn't
yeah
one thing I'm wondering is like is it
that are you running this on like could
this be running on my actual look like
oh dude wait do you think so no I doubt
it oh
okay wait okay I just want to try
something so how do I go to where's my
IP this is my IP
so didn't get anything right
but now
what I'm going to do is instead I want
to do Julia dasher's project uh test
overpass API
and when I one thing I want to do just
for logging
so it's done for the usings
okay this is not where I wanted to put
this I'm going to put it in here
okay okay so wait this is
Oh weird Okay so
certain of 2df and I Define see I didn't
test the API we need to figure out how
to get that on CI wait that looked
promising though man
yes it did
so were you just running it on a
so I was running it through a script
which I think might be different than
when I shift enter it using the Julie
extension actually
just like you wasted a lot of people's
time today
okay I moved the needle today is what I
did he did
it's just weird that like why is it that
I can visit this through this
like oh somehow this is actually
forwarding a support to me that's what
it is what
right is that possible like how like
otherwise what is the explanation that I
can access this by a local host that you
have two running that you ran it on your
local by accident no yeah where is where
would that be I don't know yeah be in
that one maybe in this one where would
it be I don't know but are you positive
that you were on the AWS instance the
ec2 all right let's try it just through
SSH like
let's try it through this Cloud shell
[__]
how do I connect to it hey
look
connect
okay SSH session what the [__]
[Music]
it's so annoying that you can't show
this everything should have a streaming
mode
okay fine so I'm going to cancel it on
this one I'm gonna run it here this is
like I'm in I have to be in the ec2
instance right like yes
[__] no way that any funny business
is happening and that is unequivocal all
right let's see what happens you know
yeah
okay it's listening but it's listening
on uh localhost does that make sense
have we resolved this do we know
what like
you don't explicitly State the public
like this thing is listening on
localhost 88 yeah it doesn't really
matter
it's like
like it's it's the only the port that
matters is what you're saying is that
something is listening to the poor okay
so very technically speaking and the
network has these things called like uh
ethernet interfaces
I love the board so like it has these
things called interfaces and basically
what that's saying is it's like it's
opening one interface up and the
interface happens to be
you know configured to let to consider
that domain name like 127 diode but it
should
for all intents and purposes should be
right so have you tried hitting uh the
public IP
exactly oh wait I think it changed bro
wait oh wait I messed it up
colon
do it do a forward slash
nah nah didn't hear it at all
seems like an oxygen problem
you think so yeah can we try to arrest
what's it
we have a rust API right let's see if it
works in Rust uh uh we have the old with
the rust up I mean there's a lot we got
to do to get this environment nice well
you realize that this is not dude it's
not a burden this is not a burden we see
how fast I got Julia I need to rip the
vi again
cover your ears not a bad idea
would you be down
not tonight okay
so just be a waste yeah we gotta do it
sustainably what are you talking about
five alive
little Vance
Mr Vance
um what's going on here we need to
connect to this uh server okay so here
we go so let's kill that
I just install rust
clone the repo
it just has a bin right cargo I just do
cargo run
and then
it's great
um
that's great thanks oh man that's such a
good Google yeah it's fun oh sorry guys
um
what the [__] is going on but how do we
serve with this we were able to like
no this is the [__] guessing game bro
here we go I think we got rid of the API
stuff
oh it's this
so oh bind 0.0.0 interesting yeah we're
gonna see if this works I'm sure
all right
you're gonna have to rust up though I
already did
[__] guy let's see a cargo do you
have cargo no oh wait but I need to I
would need a source
together
foreign
it's been a whole lot my 24 year old
single bag
he's trying to lose your life
we do these we should be doing this
Friday yes dude that's such a [__]
good life
beautiful that's a beautiful thing
Monday Wednesday we pee Yeah Tuesday
Thursday I'm down yeah I'm down even
like push you know if we gotta do a
little less urinating on Wednesday you
know we gotta do you know I'm feeling
good I like this we're we're in good
group
we're entrepreneurial God damn it
contribute dude that's how I felt today
is coming together
you will contribute more I mean we just
have to
like once we do this we'll be able to do
this end times like easily yeah
that's huge it's a very extensible thing
I created an instance yeah but the free
to pee didn't pre-compile dude oh let me
see that
didn't even get
it yeah
boy but that that seems like something
had a lock on it that didn't seem like
are you oh wait can you I deleted the
instance oh you did yeah oh that's okay
that was afraid I was paying for it it's
20 cents an hour but no it's so scary
bro because I did the mini
should I open it again no no it's okay
oh link our CC not then bro we don't
have CC
rust
Debian uh oh yeah
so we're gonna blow them below the
storage out unfortunately
wait why didn't it
I'm so tired I was up at 5 30 this
morning we're traveling back yeah
yeah it feels a good place to call it
you guys want to call it
I don't really want to call it but I
want to call free to pee I'm done
I'm all excited about getting this back
I think I have a lot of stuff that's
almost done nice like 60 done on what
artwork yeah that R Flex thing I was
excited about you're gonna keep working
on it yeah it was just it was costing me
300 bucks a month to keep up you know
and so I have to I have to fix that and
then
I like to get the front end done stuff
it's never too late
until you're dead
dude look at it look at this is this is
a rust compiling
100s down the board sick isn't that
insane actually
yeah
like if you comp when you compile rust
like it uses literally the entire
computer as much as it can it uses
remarkable
it does fast it's a hungry boy all right
so uh what could just be like doing
absolutely [__] that it doesn't need
to be doing
make it look like it's
what are you trying to do now
I'm still trying to do it but I don't
rest
oh my god dude it's a problem with
oxygen I did it in Rust
it worked yeah so this AP so I don't
know what's going on you want to file a
bug I mean that's kind that's quite the
bugged file yeah I'm down to do that you
want to see me all right I can I can
open source this I can put this on the
uh
guys I'm oh and you know
kick this eye I have a shout out on this
on this repo by the way
The Meta programming of endpoints
you can interpret variables directly so
you could generate like a bunch of paths
by interpolating into them
no that's cool yeah
that's kind of wild
it's a parameter program
employment demos
what is the rest one from is that the
same thing or is that just like a sample
uh the rust one yeah I was like I wrote
a little bit of scratch code didn't do
anything
um but it did like run like a little
server in Rust that like said hello
world when you hit it
this is a this is a weird bug though
because this is like a kind of a little
bit not related to potentially not
related to oxygen but I I gotta get this
the trace again actually
um
one thing you could do if you I mean if
you have time is to try to I have an
issue open on on not using the Haver
sign but using that osrm API to
calculate the distance between two a
sequence of latitude and longitudes
um but you're walking distance but yeah
well yeah the yeah the yeah
I mean it you have different routes that
you could do driving you could do
walking but you just have to look at the
dogs yeah
foreign
okay yeah that sucks I don't know
figure out why
that's should be good right you just
rendered
okay so I'm gonna I'm gonna start
remaking our rest API
shouldn't be too bad
um
some shittiest code ever I love it
okay
um
we need to
screen
[Music]
cast
yeah great
foreign
oh yeah
dude I think that that 0.0.0 thing was
for real like I think that's just the
convey like we bound to local I think we
needed to just put 0.0.0 in the Julia
one did you try it no but like doesn't
that make a little bit of sense though
no I think 0.0 because that's what the
rust one has like okay here here's an
example AWS yeah I
because it wasn't that in the security
thing though
here
okay I'm pretty sure I was right
it's loading which is like way better of
a sudden just crashing instantly okay oh
and I got the hit I think you get the
hit wait
I mean why is it spinning that seems
awfully nice okay wait
interesting oh no results bro let's go
oh that okay yes wait so I'll show you
again I'll show you again so let's do uh
our real latitude and longitude all
right we got it to work we just had to
put on zero you said it was a block bro
wasting a lot of people's time you're
like a lot of people depended on you
knowing this [__] oh yeah nice give me a
sec all right let's refresh
please don't work
I'm gonna have a [__] field day on
this [__] oh this is not right man a P3
death
a P3 Dev number less than
oh we are so in for a good time here
dude I paid 500 bucks and [__] Works
dude dude I will read oh no dude no
that's hard oh easy bro oh zero to zero
nine that's means everything free though
yeah you're still pee through yeah let's
go all right we're going to tuscanini's
laughs
oh [__] dude you need to pee like right
now
okay so we can use Julia all right
I was gonna open an issue like an idiot
uh what about zero zero is like anything
at all you know I mean no that'd be like
start at start at start at start I was
Susan why did it default at localhost it
should default with zero zero zero you
know that you know that
um all right I mean I guess yeah oh my
goodness oh anyways we got it working so
I'm really hyped so wait so we can try
it on our phone dude let's oh [__]
that's super sick
I'm definitely gonna shut this thing
down uh yeah
okay so let's see so I get this URL I
open it in maps
oh and it starts the Direction all right
so we're pretty much there we pretty
much finished the app dude let's let's
get the a tag and I want to see that you
want to see that do you want to have me
drive and you uh well you implement it
uh uh I'll I'll watch okay so so here's
what we need to do I think so I looked
at pretty tables.jl
I go to the docs
you and I were having that meeting about
Elan right yeah the app scheduled yeah
okay so I don't think we need any of
this course handling nonsense but I'm
not going to delete it quite yet
um
so this is a keyword argument it was
true
probably
so wait so if I do this uh so wait so
here's what we should do we should open
Julia for real
um and then get me the state of this
thing so I can do because it probably
what I need to do is uh is is this like
um
how do you do an a tag you just go like
this
um
there
probably
I'm gonna do dollar sign X
and uh
yeah after this after the a tag I'm
gonna call it two
that's where we render this correctly
oh
here we go
okay so we got the data from like this
I can specify into your calls
um
oh [__]
let's see why I did this now
I'm not confident that this thing is
oh no
we have to handle complexity yeah I
didn't do it all right whatever I think
I'm gonna give up on that one the a tag
thing why why what's [__] ah yeah you
gotta go what what go get the [__] out
of you come on it's href
all right I mean you gotta make href
oh thank you may man thank you oh you
gotta you gotta escape the uh those
inner ones so these guys just put a
backslash there and then put it back so
there yeah fantastic this way you gotta
kill this thing so Ctrl C on that and
just press up and enter
let's just run this thing
all right let's see
okay serving
the end of the latency with Julia ah it
didn't do it dude it got the thing but
it didn't do it
didn't run it so okay hold on look at
these docks okay so the following
options all right all right all right
fair enough
where's the website it's this this one
yeah that's another that's the best one
all right
that was smart yeah
um
it looks like it got stripped either got
stripped out or this is like it's being
cashed or something
if we do this
what if I do everything's getting cached
potentially yeah I feel like it
um
clear
no no no oh yeah you like that yeah yeah
it's good to have that
so what we can do though is this
so okay wait read these docs and see if
you understand if you agree with what my
understanding is it's the second one
over yeah okay so there's this thing
which I turned on by default special
characters are replaced in HTML so I
think that we're just in a defaults to
false what I imagine is we could just
in this case the user must ensure that
the output code is valid until a few
sales of HTML wrap them in an HTML cell
object instead
um
so it's false by default but you could
wrap these things in an HTML cell object
created with the macro
oh
what that's this let's try that I
understand the difference
I guess I think that's exactly what I
think that's the only way to do it
oh all right yeah okay there we go
ah
that's really annoying uh well I mean we
can try it in the uh I can close the
Incognito yeah
I still yeah all right
yeah I just gotta learn the library and
see how they actually do it
hold on
yeah you wanna go back yeah yeah I'm
gonna go back
here
let me go back here
wait let's look at this HTML back-end
example we might have an hey bro
um
Back to Basics
uh that's what it is
so we didn't put the text but
yeah but that probably shouldn't
I didn't think that would okay it's not
that it's it's in uh it's in uh uh
overpass API
uh
is it here what the the this is the yeah
here we go
I can't help it all right how does it up
shift shift enter I know so under undo
go back okay
um so so here's the API running so I do
this and this is my control key this
also works this is also controlled I
control C then I select all this new new
code because we change stuff so I
reevaluate it so now I've restarted the
server okay now let's access it again
and see if we get bingo
okay interestingly we don't give it
enough so meaning
that I'm probably
hold on let's let's do this
um
I'm gonna run this code
so this is the data so the maps here so
wait so DF
oh
what happened I just like referred to
the old data for a minute
okay we got it now so this should be
penguan
so let's try that
bing bong
Bing Bong check give it a click
Bing oh right that's definitely me
cannot purse X's
um
okay so wait so wait I just need to test
it doesn't look like it's interpolating
oh you're right it doesn't look like
it's interpolating oh in a string macro
you can't so wait so let's just do this
uh how do you do HTML cell string
okay we'll just do this create it
manually
yeah good call man good call yeah
looking at
bing bong
how do you like them apples
oh oh wait no no that was just full hold
on
backup
not looking good no it's looking good
it's looking normal this is the time the
latency yeah and we're good
wow all right so then just change Bing
Bong here's what we know here's what we
could do though we could
um this could introduce a bug but what I
I'm thinking is that if I go to view if
I go to df.tags like this is a tag I can
get a the name and I put the name in
there yeah you want to try that well why
how do we have an how does that have a
name how do you the node has a name yeah
then that'll probably be all right yeah
I throw a name in there so okay so see
one of them didn't have a name
default to not any can you do that we
can default to bing bong
so uh yeah I mean I'd actually take out
bing bong and do dollar X for that one
part because people never want to click
on like click me that [__] sucks they
want to know what they're where they're
getting taken to you sure you want to
just put the URL string totally
okay finally
Okay so
uh
um
oh wait we need to give it the URL too
and so what we want to do is we want to
do
this thing
and we want to put in
um I should do this instead of ternary
logic and I must say yeah you don't need
any HTML cell right
yeah we do
why does that need to be an HTML cell
rendering text no I'm saying well
otherwise yeah so else URL
wait so if it has if it has a name then
we're going to use the name otherwise
we're going to use the URL and it's oh
href is never the name your href has is
the one that matters the the display
thing Bing Bong is what I was saying
just put oh wait oh oh yeah wait I'm
totally that's what I meant to put is
that no I [__] this up this is gonna
be URL and this is going to be name
you really think all right yeah yeah all
right let me see what it looks like yeah
it is yeah I don't really care about
this too much but uh we're gonna make
this as Bing Bong I guess yeah all right
let's take a look Okay cool so now what
we need to do is a tags is equal to map
uh X to
uh
oh oh we need to
um is your function returning yeah it
just that's how this works so uh for uh
I in one two
but uh Android EF we want to do
um
oh wait actually here's what I'll do for
R in each row of DF I'm gonna say
r dot
um
beautiful
okay
we should be good now
all right we are here we are here
oh there we go and we got two Bing bongs
and look at our room Cafe Nero there's
something weird going on there
interesting hey but that's a pretty good
MVP dude if I pull this up on my phone
I just go to this thing
let's see does it render nice how do you
render it nice for a mobile this isn't a
nice view do you know how to make this
nice
what do you mean like this isn't a
mobile view at all like there should
like simple HTML tables should be like a
basic thing that that has available
that's like a nice mobile view
I mean this is pretty good but it's like
you could the spacing is kind of weird
it feels like a browser issue like a
local browser issue like it should be
able to but let me let me try so what's
the IP
sorry I mean it's on stream right 44.
yeah sounds strange yeah yeah why is
this too different
um
oh yeah I need to I need to push some of
my fixes because I have something like
hey this see uh look the cement looks
even better on my on uh yeah right
exactly see but it's not zoomed in or
like it didn't appear anything
do you have to like export these
functions oh yeah yeah or or namespace
them with like free to P dot 2df yeah
I'm just gonna
foreign
so it would be cool though if like you
could see commits but it was also like
Google Drive where you could like at
least check that someone else is working
on something and may have a couple of
fixes that they haven't actually
committed yet
360 1369 man going right there
nice
all right so I think that's a good
stopping point
I'm gonna head out
I'm gonna push this code
this isn't much
okay
I'm just gonna at you with 0.0.0.0
because that's really the Pinnacle of
the night is that it was that was not
the node the note the note thing I got
in two minutes
that was like you know if we had waited
for you to start your ec2 and since
we're still again money conscious over
it oh yeah but got your CFO I mean this
guy this guy is [__] you know you're
bailing in like a thousand miles an hour
in the ec2 instance we don't even know
what we're doing like not our property
um you're like yeah shut the [__] up
oh I didn't I haven't configured any of
the get stuff I'm just gonna do the just
the old-fashioned way copy the file
move back to local
nice
sometimes you gotta do stuff simple
instead of
instead of having to like all right
all right
oh wait
what
oh your stupid [__] read me is giving
[__] no the oh and adding the
reading is gonna emerge nonsense
oh geez
all right yeah I got it now
all right we are ready to
all right I'm gonna stop the stream I'm
gonna kill the uh